why does my computer turn off by itself
does it have energy-saving activated it
may be turning off because you told it
to after a set period of inactivity no I
don't even know how to enable that
feature it might just be the screen
saver I know it isn't that because it
doesn't immediately come back when I
move the mouse that means it might be
hibernation mode some computers have it
set to automatically happen after a set
period of inactivity it's a laptop not a
chipmunk if it is a laptop it might be
dying because the battery has discharged
I routinely charge it are you charging
it all the way if you're only getting
half a charge in it will turn off as the
battery loses power I'm pretty sure
since it is on the charger most nights
the battery could be a losing capacity
shortly before it dies that means it
stores less and less charge causing the
battery to die sooner and sooner then
I'll need to get a new battery sooner
rather than later
could it be hackers you should be
suspicious if the computer is turning on
what you didn't activate it and you
should unplug it from the Internet if
the computer is sending emails or
opening applications on its own that
implies it is possessed when someone has
infected it with a virus to create a
backdoor so they can control it remotely
the correct term is zombie that means
you have a zombie computer what
antivirus software find that perhaps a
stronger sign is if the anti-malware
can't update or seems to lock up when
you try to search it I wish there was a
low-tech solution yes you could ask your
roommates if they are turning off the PC
when you aren't around
you